In Anutta Antara, all the Inantata teachings, and then as well as the Anuyoga teaching here,
these three menala is started from our nature of the mind, from our mind, not started from outside,
then to here, started from outside,
and posed with the Samadha Badri. The Madara of Samadha Badri is once again in the nature of the
mind, which is free from the duality,
free from the fabrication, and free from all the aspect. This very nugget nature of the mind is
then the Buddha Samadha Badri,
the Mother Samadha Badri. This Mother Samadha Badri is filled with great energy of comparison, all
the every potential,
everything is filled with this thing, this Mother Nature. Everything you can imagine, that you can
't imagine,
that everything is within this nature of the mind, everything that's filled with this, without any
contradiction, without any crowd, without any separation, and without any kind of like congestions.
And it's filled with that, that is the Mother Samadha Badri. And this is totally union, union, then
from this union,
all this, in life, the energy college, what would be the horizon one after another, without any
order,
without any restriction, and all this arises. This is known as the children of the Samadha Badri,
and the Badri, or the Great Brothers of the States. From this, then all these universes begin.
From all this display that you see is started from outside. So therefore, the will of the Anu Yoga,
yoga is, everything what you see is the Madara, everything is our conception, everything is our
perception, and that is the Madara of this three Madara status. That is what you have to see.
So therefore, everything what we have, this with the mind, with the body, and that is what you see
outside,
because it's reflected from us. Us, and that's what you see externally, everything is there.
Every day came in our convenience, convenience of this display, play and this emanation, as eman
ation.
And that is, again, a very kind of essential view of the Anu Yoga teachings, of practices.